## **Oue219.github.io**
#### My name is Sam and I am a student at Lehigh University majoring in Finance. I have had experience in the real estate, fintech and healthcare industries. I am interested in all things healthcare related and will be working as a banking analyst covering medical devices, biopharmaceuticals and healthcare technology. I am currently taking COMM-165:Data Storytelling.
## **Quarterly U.S. E-Commerce Sales** 
#### This graph illustrates the U.S. E-Commerce Sales from 2009-2020. With the increase of U.S. GDP, coupled with corporations like Amazon,eBay and Walmart expanding their e-commerce product offerings. 
<iframe title="Quarterly U.S. E-commerce retail sales 2009-2020" aria-label="Interactive line chart" id="datawrapper-chart-xxI4o" src="https://datawrapper.dwcdn.net/xxI4o/1/" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" style="border: none;" width="1113" height="1236"></iframe>
## **Panorama 360** 
#### This is a 360-degree image of the outside of my apartment. This area allowed me to keep my sanity during quarantine, as I was able to walk around and get some sort of excercise.
<iframe src="https://teliportme.com/embed/1779120?ar=-3&sfc=t&lp=lt&ls=d&lz=50&lo=1" frameBorder="0" scrolling="no" height="500" width="100%" allowFullScreen allow="vr,gyroscope,accelerometer,fullscreen"></iframe>
### This is a 360-degree image of my kitchen. This is very important to me as while in quarantine, I learned how to cook for myself in fear of ordering takeout that might have been contaminated. I also learned that cooking and baking can be very therapeutic. 
<iframe src="https://teliportme.com/embed/1779136?ar=-3&sfc=t&lp=lt&ls=d&lz=50&lo=1" frameBorder="0" scrolling="no" height="500" width="100%" allowFullScreen allow="vr,gyroscope,accelerometer,fullscreen"></iframe>
## **NBA Map Tweets**
### This is a map that displayes data collected using the Twitter USA app. The Twitter data collected collected 500 tweets that had "#NBA" in the tweets from 07/19/20 to 07/24/20. The following heat map that shows where the tweets are coming from. The sigificance of looking up the "#NBA" is that the NBA season will be resuming on 07/31/20, so there is a lot of excitement and interest around the NBA.
<style>.embed-container {position: relative; padding-bottom: 80%; height: 0; max-width: 100%;} .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container iframe{position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%;} small{position: absolute; z-index: 40; bottom: 0; margin-bottom: -15px;}</style><div class="embed-container"><iframe width="500" height="400" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0" title="NBA Tweets Table" src="//lu.maps.arcgis.com/apps/Embed/index.html?webmap=b573fed56de8439da1451cf86f7522f1&extent=-145.0514,-3.4303,-15.2369,56.7502&zoom=true&previewImage=false&scale=true&disable_scroll=true&theme=light"></iframe></div>
